So, honey, Ibiza
can only take us
at 6:30 tonight.
Great. I will
meet you at Ibiza.
It’s pronounced "Ibitha,"
not Ibiza.
Oh! Thanks, honey.
That reminds me.
This weekend I want to see
that baby panda at the thoo.
[ Both Laughing ]
Yeah. I’m the idiot.
This year, for Valentine’s Day,
we’re gonna have a nice,
quiet dinner at Ibiza.
Last year, we, um–
we overreached
a little.
We created sexy alter egos,
Clive and Juliana,
met in the hotel bar.
This one lost her panties
in the lobby,
in front of her dad–
Phil.
[ Chuckles ]
which was a little–
It was hard.
It was hard for her.
You know I can’t stand it
when you use that word.
Panties?
Ye– That–
Yes. That word.
Sorry. She lost
her underpanties.
- So?
Well? Huh? So?
- What’s happening?
- Flowers.
Is someone pointing
a gun at you?
For goodness’ sake.
Did you get the flowers
Lily and I sent you?
Aw, that’s so sweet. No.
No, I didn’t get anything.
Really.
Did you check with
that assistant of yours?
Broderick?
[ Phone Rings ]
Uh, did you get
any flowers today?
No. Sadly, I’m without
a valentine this year.
No. For Mitchell.
The flowers are for Mitchell!
Oh, that’s right. Oops.
- Mitchell’s assistant
has a huge crush on him.
- He does not!
I think the only prudent thing
to do is say, "You’re fired."
Don’t be jealous.
He just looks up to me.
The thing about Mitchell
is he can be naive.
He is completely unaware of
how absolutely adorable he is.
Okay. Well, thank you,
but I am aware when someone
has a crush on me,
and he does not have
a crush on me.
[ Mouthing Words ]
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
I was a little concerned
when they said they could
only take us at 6:30, but–
I know. This house
is on fire, right?
Mm-hmm.
Now, this is how
you do V-Day.
Except most of these people
could have been here on
V-E Day.
But it’s classy,
which we deserve.
Yes, we do.
What were we thinking last year,
acting like a couple of
teenagers?
I know. Oh.
Hey, we’ve had our crazy
Valentine’s Days. We tore it up.
But you gotta know when
to let that stuff go.
Yeah.
All those kids out there...
are just lookin’ for something
that we’ve already got.
Yeah.
I love you.
I love you too.
[ Crash ]
Oh, my gosh!
Wow! Okay.
I’m sorry.
Are you all right?
Are you okay?
I’m good. We’re good.
It’s my first day
in one of these things.
Hey, let me help you out.
How ’bout I park it
over there for you, okay?
Thank you.
Here’s your valet ticket.
[ Chuckling ]
I’m kidding actually.
That’s my valet ticket.
All right. Let’s see.
Lefty loosey.
Righty tighty.
Hey.
Wow.
All right. Hey!
This is fun, Claire.
You gotta try this.
Phil.
He’s a natural.
Thank you.
[ Motor Whirring ]
[ Claire ]
I know Phil and I are gonna
grow old together some day.
This thing needs mirrors.
But today is not that day.
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
[ Beeps ]
Hello.
Hello. May I speak
to Clive?
I’m sorry. I think you have
the wrong number. Bye-bye.
No, uh–
I got disconnected.
Would you mind redialing?
[ Rings ]
[ Line Ringing ]
Hello.
Hello, Clive.
This is Juliana.
Look, lady.
Please stop calling me.
This is–
No, no, no, no.
No, Phil, Phil, Phil.
Don’t hang up.
Claire?
No, no, no. Not Claire.
Juliana.
And you’re Clive Bixby.
Remember?
We met at the hotel bar
last year.
Oh!
Oh.
Now, make up some lie,
ditch that wife of yours,
and meet me at our hotel
in 30 minutes.
You think you can
manage that?
Baby doll, I’ve been lying
to my wife for 16 years.
Okay. See ya.
[ Beeps ]
So, champagne?
Um, actually, Claire,
something’s come up,
so... gotta go.
You’re not ditching me
here on Valentine’s Day.
Screw that. Sit.
But– Wh– Oh, okay.
We’ll– We’ll stay.
Phil.
Oh, that’s part of it?
[ Chuckles ]
So hot.
Claire. I’m leaving.
Deal with it.
[ Woman Gasps ]
[ Clattering ]
So no one walks anymore!
[ Chattering ]
Should be just
a few more minutes.
When is our reservation?
Here’s the thing.
Ay, no. Not "the thing."
I hate "the thing."
My secretary screwed up
and didn’t get us one.
Don’t worry.
I’ll slip the guy
a few bucks.
What kind of idiot messes up
two Valentine’s in a row?
Not this idiot.
Two months ago
I booked a private chef,
musicians, the works...
for a romantic dinner
at home.
I just had to get
the senorita out of the house
while they set up.
This is 50 bucks.
Do not give us a table.
What’s the money for?
You also must refuse my wife.
She’s very persuasive.
Just a couple
more minutes.
So we don’t get the table
at the fancy restaurant,
which drives Gloria crazy.
[ Imitating Gloria ]
Jay, why you no be
no more romantic to me?
[ Normal Voice ]
We walk in the door
and– bam!
She looks like a big idiot.
And isn’t that
what Valentine’s Day
is all about?
Jay, come here.
We’re in.
Huh?
Your secretary
didn’t forget. Look.
Pritchett for two.
Just a reminder:
I need the television at 8:00.
Jeremy and I have a phone date
to watch Love Actually.
That’s
the lamest plan ever,
and I’m jealous.
So my boyfriend, David,
blows me off on the most
romantic night of the year–
to study!
This is the worst
Valentine’s Day–
Best Valentine’s Day ever!
David stands up Haley,
and old boyfriend Dylan
is out of the picture.
I’m not saying I miss Dylan,
but at least he was romantic.
David never sent me
a jar of his own tears.
I’m playing
the long game here.
Like me today,
love me tomorrow.
She’s had the romantic.
She’s had the intellectual.
How ’bout all that in one
fine little brown package?
[ Sighs ]
I’ve hit a new low.
You can talk to me.
And I’m lower.
Just pickin’ up some things.
I am not here.
Name tags. Name tags.
Name tags.
Come on! Bingo.
I know what to do.
Dylan’s been
texting me again.
I bet if David knew that,
he’d come running
right over here.
Wait. Before you start
playing these games,
let me ask you
one simple question.
Who is Haley Dunphy?
Don’t do it, Haley!
Stop following me.
Let me just say my piece!
No!
[ Sighs ]
Look.
You can be the Haley
who defines herself
as David’s girlfriend...
or Dylan’s girlfriend.
Or you can be
your own Haley.
Maybe you haven’t met her,
but I know her.
She’s an amazing person.
So when you’re ready,
I’d like to introduce you.
[ Phone Rings ]
Cameron!
Is there something
I can do you for?
No. I just came by
to pick up my man.
I’m taking him to Ibiza tonight.
Oh, I’ve heard good things
about Ibiza.
But I’m afraid he may
have to meet you there.
He’s in the middle of a meeting.
- On Valentine’s night?
- I didn’t realize when I
scheduled it. It’s my fault.
Gasp. I’m shocked.
I could drop him off
at the restaurant as soon
as they wrap it up.
Oh. Aren’t you a dear.
[ Muttering ]
I’d like to mount your head
in my trophy room.
Cam!
Wait.
Have I upset you
in any way?
Oh, please.
Let’s not play this game.
We both know
what’s going on.
Have I been
that obvious?
Uh, the flowers
that don’t get delivered.
The Valentine’s Day plans
that get interrupted.
Do I really need to
spell it out for you?
Me, Mitchell– wedge.
Don’t hate me.
It’s just so hard to see
someone else have something
you want and can’t have.
[ Sniffles ]
Does Broderick
have a crush? Yes.
On someone he frequently
sees at the office? Yes.
Hi.
Does that man
have red hair and a beard?
No. But his boyfriend does.
It’s me.
The crush is on me.
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
This is you?
Oh! Did I validate you?
Oh, yes.
♪♪ [ Piano: Romantic ]
Mmm.
[ Exhales ]
Appletini?
It was.
[ Clears Throat ]
You’re looking handsome
as ever, Clive.
As are you, Juliana.
You look hot enough
to cook a pizza on–
in.
I see the speaker business
is treating you well.
I don’t like to talk
about money.
Oh.
But I have exactly
$10 million.
Hmm.
Minus the cost
of your next drink.
T– Two.
Just two appletinis, please.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
Why do I get the feeling
you’re not really a salesman?
Oh.
Pretty and smart.
[ Chuckling ]
Or should I say
"pretty smart"?
Mmm.
I might do some high-risk
work for Uncle Sam...
that takes me clear
around the country.
Hmm. So you could say you’re
a national man of mystery.
Shh.
Never did catch
what you do.
Didn’t you?
Surprising, I know.
I’m usually pretty good
at catching things
from women in bars.
Well, Clive,
I am just a bored housewife
with a dark side...
and an hour to kill.
Is that what
I think it is?
It’s not a gift card.
Or maybe it is.
I’ll be upstairs, Clive.
Don’t take too long.
I never do.
Mercy.
Jay, relax.
I’m sorry.
The place is a dump.
It’s beautiful.
Nothing good
on the menu.
You see the hands
on our waiter? Looks like
he’s been birthing hogs.
Let’s just get out of here.
I don’t know what’s wrong
with you tonight.
But I’m hungry.
I look fantastic.
We’re staying.
Five-course dinner waiting at
home, and she’s strapping on
the feed bag at Ibiza.
But then an angel from heaven
saved the night.
You took our reservation.
"Pritchett for two" is us.
Come on. Let’s go.
Move your bottom.
Come on, come on!
A big gay angel.
[ Lock Beeps ]
[ Door Closes ]
[ Beeps ]
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
Hello.
Hello, Clive.
How close are you?
I am right
outside your door.
Oh! Are you ready?
Oh, I’m ready.
I don’t think you are,
’cause I can still
hear your pants.
Well, maybe I should
just shut them up.
[ Chuckling ]
I’ll be out in a minute.
So will I.
[ Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Juliana.
Clive. Where are you?
You have to come find me.
Oh.
[ Laughing ]
Hello.
Um–
I give up.
Where are you?
I’m right here on the bed.
- Phil, what room are you in?
- Who’s this "Phil"?
Seriously,
what room are you in?
I’m in 702.
I’m in 226.
What?
Well, whose room
is this then?
[ Lock Beeps ]
[ Gasps ]
There’s been
a tiny mistake.
[ Cork Pops ]
By the way, I need
to apologize to you.
I’m sorry I got so silly
with all that Broderick
stuff earlier.
No. Please do not
worry about it.
Cam. I like it when you
get a little jealous.
Cut it out.
As long as we can agree
he does not have
a crush on me.
Absolutely.
So, to us.
To us.
He does not have
a crush on you.
No.
Nope.
Why do I feel like
you’re hinting at something?
Mitchell, we have
talked long enough
about Broderick’s crush.
Which he does not have.
On you.
Oh, my God. What?
Okay, fine.
Since you won’t
let it go, your assistant
is hot for me.
That’s why he’s been
playing the saboteur.
- And you’re sure it’s not
because he wants me?
- You just said he didn’t.
- I was protecting
your feelings.
- He hugged me in the elevator.
Well, pick out china
and move to Vermont.
He said it kills him
to see someone else
have something he wants.
Yes, yes. You’re the someone,
and I’m the something.
Okay. All right.
Call him.
Call him?
Why don’t we go to his house,
stand on opposite sides
of the room and see
which one he runs to?
You get the check.
I’ll get the car.
We are not going over there.
And we’re not calling him.
Cam. Who cares
which one of us
he has a crush on?
The important thing is,
I have a crush on you.
And I wouldn’t
blame Broderick
if he did too.
Oh.
[ Chuckles ]
That’s so sweet. I–
I wouldn’t blame him if he
had a crush on you either.
Aw. Good.
"Good" what?
Just "good."
"Good," meaning
we’re done with this,
or "Good," meaning
you still think
he has a crush on you?
Oh, Cam!
The second one.
I’m getting the car.
Would you please
just come in the house?
You had the whole year to plan,
but you don’t make an effort.
I am the second wife, Jay.
Why do you treat me
like I’m the first?
Talk about it inside.
Where you going?
I’m gonna take a ride.
I need to cool down.
Just come in the house.
I promise you’ll feel better.
I don’t want to go in there.
You’re gonna
like it better inside.
Don’t hold me back!
I’m sorry
about this, honey.
I’m sorry.
Jay, what are you doing?
Are you crazy?
¡Ay! ¡Se me va a romper
la media, oye!
What are you doing?
Have you lost your mind?
No. But you’re about to.
Happy Valentine’s Day!
What the hell?
Gloria!
- Honey.
- I’m going for a drive.
I had a whole
private dinner planned.
I don’t know what happened.
But I do.
[ Garage Door Opens ]
I know exactly
what happened!
No, you don’t. I–
♪♪ [ Violin ]
What the hell?
I win!
I see you sneaking around,
trying to trick me.
So when I figure it out,
I move the party over here
and I trick you!
I win!
What do you mean,
you win?
I know you think I think
you’re not romantic,
but I think you think
I’m not smarter than you.
So now we know.
You are romantic,
and I’m smarter than you.
And I bought you
a motorcycle.
[ Jay ]
My God. It’s fantastic!
I win again!
Honey, I love all this,
but you can’t win
Valentine’s Day.
I mean, you defeat
the whole idea if you make it
into some silly competition.
Shut up. I win.
♪♪ [ Violin Continues ]
[ Keys Rattling ]
Let’s go.
So we’re doing this?
Oh, we’re doing this.
Oh, it’s gonna be me.
I’m already embarrassed
for you.
All right.
[ Phone Beeps ]
Oh, wait.
What?
Oh, it’s a text
from Broderick.
Read it.
"Mitchell, by now I’m sure
Cameron has told you...
what happened
in the elevator."
Mm-hmm.
"While I meant
every word I said, I realize
how unprofessional I was.
Please accept
my resignation.
What you have with Cam
is very special,
and I would never forgive myself
if I came between you.
Treasure each other.
Sincerely, Broderick."
Wow.
Oh, Cam.
What are we doing here?
I don’t know.
Maybe if some assistant’s crush
is so important to us,
it means we should
appreciate each other
a little bit more.
Well, I can’t think of
a better time to start.
Come here.
Mmm.
Ahhh.
The great thing about that text
is we don’t have to know
which one of us he wanted.
I know.
What are you doing?
Valentine’s Day
isn’t over yet, Juliana.
Sweetie, let’s not push it.
You almost got arrested tonight.
That’s how it’s gonna be?
You’re just givin’ up on us?
I am not giving up on us.
I’m giving up
on Clive and Juliana.
Wait. Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
I know a couple people
who could possibly
save this night.
Hmm.
Maybe you’ve
heard of ’em.
Two American kids
doing the best
that they can.
Phil and Claire Dunphy.
I am not going back to that
hotel tonight, and I’m pretty
sure you’re not allowed to.
Don’t need to.
Phil and Claire
have a bedroom,
which they can
turn into a hotel
whenever they want.
But the kids.
They’re not expecting us
home this early.
So,
you up for
a little adventure,
Claire?
Do you think
you can handle it,
Phil?
[ Phil Chuckles ]
[ Claire ]
Shh.
Shh. Sorry.
"I can’t be the girl
you want me to be, David.
I can only be me.
Good-bye.
Haley."
Send it.
I don’t know.
Here. I’ll help you.
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no!
[ Whooshing Sound ]
Wow.
That feels really good.
Because you’re free.
And really scary.
I haven’t been single
since I was nine.
That’s why you need
to take your time now.
Really get to know yourself
before you make
any decisions.
Five, six years maybe.
Years?
I have to call David.
The boy who tossed you aside
on Valentine’s Day?
No.
You deserve better, Haley.
A dreamer, a poet.
Wait for him.
He may be closer
than you think.
[ Faint ]
♪ I’m the bread
without your butter ♪
Do you hear music?
Yes.
And the fact
that you hear it too–
Is that Dylan?
♪ Who could make me
feel this fine ♪
Oh, my God!
♪ So here’s
my broken valentine ♪
♪ Imagine me naked ♪
♪ I imagine you nude ♪
Am I a bad enough parent
to ignore that?
You are.
You’re really bad.
♪ Without my best friend ♪
You know, the old Haley
would have–
I love you, baby!
Haley!
Oh!
♪♪ [ Continues ]
¡Salud, Jay!
Mmm.
Oh-oh! Ow!
Phil?
There’s my back.
Oh.
Oh. No.
Keep the change.
Oh, thanks.
Did you put an extra
tiramisu in here?
Maybe.
Ryan! Again?
I just like coming here.
I tell you,
if you were single–
[ Both ] Oh!
[ Chuckles ]
[ Chuckling ]
[ Both ]
Ryan!